prep for 3.0 upgrade KCM-4699 (#4336)
kubecost/cost-analyzer-helm-chart: README.md

# Kubecost Helm chart

This is the 2.9.x branch of the Kubecost Helm chart. This release is designed facilitate seamless upgrades to 3.0 for any user with a federated storage configuration.

> There are no new features in 2.9 compared to the 2.8, other than the addition of a read-only finops-agent that will begin to collect metrics with the intent of upgrading to 3.0.

Reviewer: Thoughts?

```suggestion
This is the v2.9 branch of the Kubecost Helm chart. This release is designed to facilitate seamless upgrades to v3.0. A federated storage configuration is required when installing v2.9.

There are no new features in v2.9 compared to v2.8 other than the addition of a finops-agent container that will begin collecting metrics in preparation for a seamless upgrade to 3.0.
```

Reviewer 2: Much better. I actually asked Kai to review this too, will ping him to check the copy on the readme files.
